---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0025"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
jeff, can i pick your brain for a few mins. sticky situation. tackful, not sure i can help. 2 cents. a friend, make jokes about boss, like good ones. sometimes it goes too far. boss's pic, cut off his head, show it himself, or show it to others. send it to entire company. you joking, no i'm not. he doesn't know when to quit. not really a friend. doesn't want him to be fired. cut it out before he got fired. go to something to bit

### Terms
--------
1. pick somebody's brain
    * get their opinion
    * pick your brain

2. sticky situation
    * a difficult situation.
    * possibly embrassing, difficult to talk about
3. get my input
    * get what i think
4. tactful
    * always says the right things.
    * never offsence, never cause problems to others
5. now and then
    * every once in a while
    * not every time but some times
6. go too far
    * to do something that normally be ok, but do it too much
    * to do more than what you should
7. cut and paste
    * take something from one place and put it in another place
8. flattering
    * say nice words to others
    * unflattering
9. harmless enough
    * does't cause anyone any harm, problem, injuring
10. keep it yourself
    * not share it to anyone else
11. the top brass
    * those are president, vice president, COO, CEO...
    * whom are leaders
    * he top-level of a hierarchy. In a US company this would be everyone at the C-level (CEO, CFO, CIO etc). In the US political system this would be the President, VP, and all the cabinet secretaries along with the Senate Majority Leader and the Speaker of the House. Of course, you could make the case for others as well, but I think this gives you the idea.
    * top banana:the single person at the top of a hierarchy. In a US company this would be the CEO or President. In the US political system, this would be the President.
12. know when to quit
    * know when to stop
    * I like eating potato chips, sometime i don't know when to quit
13. clueless
    * not to know what is happening, what is wrong
    * someone is doing something wrong but doesn't realize
    * a little stupid
14. a tough one
    * a difficult siutation to solve
15. cut it out
    * to stop it
16. it's no big deal
    * it's no problem
    * it doesn't cause a problem
17. get a bite to eat
    * usually a small meal

