---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0019"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
believe or not, Ipod, not own, been so busy. haven't had a time to break. yesterday went to shpping, ipod, sant monica. can i help you find sth, no i said, just looking, not like pressure, finally find my way to ipod section. asked a salesmen a question, can i ask you a question, go right ahead, not sure which one is suit for me, running, junking, use your car, working out, ipod mini, how much, went on sale, offer you a price on it, i'll take one. make our way to cash, credit card, swipe the card, could you swipe the card again, sure i said, swiped again, finally succeed, signature, not really for me, it's for my wife. 


### Terms
--------
1. believe it or not
    * common expression. tell something to someone that is suprising him/her
2. behind the times
    * not up to date
    * not modern, or not current
3. take a break
    * take a rest, 
    * take a break from studying, working
4. can i help you find something
    * are you looking for something
    * no, i'm just looking, i'm just browsing.
5. high-pressure salespeople
    * try to ask
6. go right ahead
    * to give you permission to do sth.
7. to pick up
    * to hold it in your hand, lift it up.
    * when shopping, picking up means buying it
8. what do you recommend
    * what would you recommend
9. <span style="color:red;">lame joke</span>
    * not very good
    * that movie was really lame, 
    * that's lame, that's really bad
10. get a ipod mini to start
11. I'll take one
    * i'm going to buy one.
    * i'll take that over there
12. pay credit or debit
13. swipe the card through the reader
    * pass the card through the reader quickly
14. it didn't go through
    * it didn't accept or process my card
15. charge slip
    * a paper you sign after swiping credit card