---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0030"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
going to the pharmacy
I stop by the drugstore last night. way back homef rom work, few toloetres, prescirption, a litte bit of everything, food,magzines,  as good as a supermarkt, medication for my elogy,  heat fever, sneazing, when i wake up,  ataacess, badays, refill, i stood in line for a few mins before being waited on, not a new perscription, dont need cancelatioin, inssurance card, low copay, HMO foot most of the bill

### Terms
--------
1. drugstore
    * pharmacy
2. stop by
    * you're going somewhere and you decide to go a place before you go somewhere
3. on my way home
    * normally, on my way to somewhere
4. toiletries
    * things such as soap or toothpaste that you use for washing, cleaning your teeth, etc.
    * Toiletry bag
5. prescription
    * is waht the doctor give your for a sick
    * only get it from doctor's note and sign
    * an official piece of paper on which a doctor writes the type of medicine you should have, and which enables you to get it from a chemist's
6. a chain pharmacy
    * there are more than one sites
    * a chain bookstore, a chain food market
7. greeting card
    * any sort of cards, christmas card, birthday card...etc
8. medication
    * a type of drug, you don't need to get doctor's prescription
    * OTC, over the counter
9. allergies
    * allergies to cats, dogs, food
    * allergy, a medical condition that causes you to react badly or feel ill/sick when you eat or touch a particular substance
10. hay fever
    * fever refers to a high body temperature. hay fever is an allergy to environmental grass
10. I was sneezing up a storm
    * sneeze a lot
11. while you are at it, could you please get some antacids
11. antacids, a medicine that relieves an upset stomach and calms digestion
12. Band-Aid
    * a brand of bandages
13. refills
    * the doctor said you can get a type of drug many times. 
    * i can get refills 5 times
14. stand in line
    * be in line
15. wait on
    * any stores that customer get seviced
    * He will wait on you tonight. (serve you)
    * The chef personally waited on them. (Served them food)
16. pharmacist
    * person that get degree in school to provide drugs, druggist
    * a person whose job is to prepare medicines and sell or give them to the public in a shop/store or in a hospital
    * consultation
17. clerk
    * person who take your money at store and give your recipt
    * sales clerk
    * an office clerk, a person whose job is to keep the records or accounts in an office, shop/store etc.
17. rang up
    * she rang up the sale
    * when the cashier/clerk tells you the price/ cost of an item
18. co-pay
    * Usually used in the field of medical care. When you have health insurance, it might come with co-pay. That is, when you pay your medical bill, the insurance will pay a part of it, and the rest you have to pay out of your own pocket. That is your co-pay. (co- = together, pay is well, pay)
19. HMO
    * Health Medical Organization
20. foot the bill
    * to pay for the expense
    * 'foot' is more colloquial. If you don't know how much the bill will be, it would be more common to use 'foot'