---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0020"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
My computer has act up on me, old model, need to replace it, call up my freied kevin, 2 cents, he knows PC very well , work on them on years, mac fan. good person to ask. alwasy use pc, word processing, no anythign fancy, see people, cool things photos and video, called Kevin, you need at least 2 G processor, 1 G Memoroy, writable DVD drive. start at the begining, processing determin how esily , fast you use programer in computer, how much RAM, the more the faster, 1 GB of RAM memory, follow you so far, Drive DVD or CD, burn your video, burnable DVD, monitor, keyboard, mouse, speaker, i think i got all that, Mac or PC? whole different thing, do you have couple of hours..


### Terms
--------
1. act up
    * cause you problem, for computer, for stomach, 
    * for children, the children are acting up, they're noisy
2. the model of computer
    * the type of computer
3. call up
    * call
4. 2 cents
    * 2 cents words
    * opinons, 
    * I don't know for sure, but here is my 2 cents word
5. computer whiz
    * good at 
    * a computer geek
6. heart of hearts
    * really truely love
7. word processing
    * typing documents, 
8. take a crack at something
    * to try something
9. throw out specs/information
    * to give information very quickly
    * throw away/out gabages, junks
10. a writable DVD drive
    * a DVD drive that can make/record a disc
11. way over your head
    * very difficult
12. back up for a minute
    * go backwards. 
    * to go over it again, start it over
13. carried away 
    * get so exicted and forget something important or who you are, begin to talk so fast
14. got that?
    * do you understand it?
    * yes, I get it
15. she is following Kevin so far
    * go behind someone to walk /drive
    * to understand
16. blank and burn
    * my mind is blank, went blank, my mind is empty, my mind went blank
    * burn: to record a CD
17. a burning question
    * a very important question
18. a whole different thing
    * a completely different topic
