---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0017"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
Movies
I love watching movies. different droves, i can always find someting. feeling down, good comdy, fav romantic comedy. roadblocks, girl and boy. love to hate. in the end happy ending. comedy predictable. go out my way to fiscal movie not very much. once in a while, catched way. drama, mis, ma, superpised ending. figured whole thing. good writers, directory. don't like horrilbe movie, scalre movie. like movie by director Hechkok, 1988 died. most of them are nare movie,. Sicle, hotel, main character , strange thing, people check in but not out, pretty woemen check in and murdered, at the end find out the kicker, the shocker suprised ending. be warned, it's not for the fan

### Terms
--------
1. fit the bill
    * meet the requirements. it is a good answer to the problem
    * e.g. i need to buy a new car, i find a big truck, that fits my bill, that gives me what i'm looking for
2. the plot in the movie
    * the plot is a story
    * the plot to describe a story
3. roadblock
    * obstacle, problem
4. the lead actors
    * the stars in a movie
5. the supporting actors, supporting cast
    * less important roles in a movie, 
    * minor role
    * cast means all the people in a movie
6. love to hate, 
    * it's very easy to hate
7. happy ending
    * for a movie has a successful conclusion
8. go out of a way, get out of my way
    * put in sepecial/extra effort on something
    * I'm going to go out of my way to see my friend John. 
9. fiscal comedy, slapstick comedy
    * slapstick, ​the type of humour that is based on simple actions, for example people hitting each other, falling down, etc
    * go down
10. throw you for a loop
    * to confuse you, to superise you
    * you thought you have it figured out, but things got changed
    * life throw me for a loop. 
11. figure out
    * solve a problem
    * find out, discover
12. a plot twist
    * a change. something you don't expect in a plot
    * we thought he is a nice guy, but he is a bad guy
13. screenwriter
    * a person who write plots
    * a person writing movie scripts in a computer
14. crew
    * anyone works for a movie but not actors
15. pull something off
    * to be successfull with it
    * finish it, complete it, successful
16. it doesn't do it for me
    * I dont' like it. It doesn't get me exicted.
17. classic
    * something is classic, means it's one of the best
18. a nail-biter
    * a movie make us afraid, so afraid that we bit our figer nails
19. main character
    * most important person in a story
20. sure enough
    * just as we expected
    * I went to shop yesterday, sure enough, the vegetables were on sale.
21. the shocker
    * the shocking end
22. spoil the ending
    * spoil, to ruin it, to destory it
    * to tell the ending, to give way the ending
23. to give a big thumbs up
    * approve it
    * give 2 thumbs up, very good
    * give thumbs down
24. to be faint-hearted
    * to get scared/frighted very easily
    * to be easily scared
    * not being confident or brave enough; afraid of failing

----
1. genres
    * I like a lot of different genres
    * a particular type or style of literature, art, film or music that you can recognize because of its special features
2. comic relief
    * a bit of funny to lighten a serious atmosphere
    * A comic relief comes after a tense or frustrating situation for a break and the audience to feel better. usually a joke or pun is made
3. villain
    * the main bad character in a story, play, etc.
4. a seedy motel
    * seedy: dirty and unpleasant, possibly connected with bad or illegal activities
5. likable people
