---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0038"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
having a barbecue
few friends of mine go to my house
I moved to a new apartment, invite few friends, house warming, barbecue, easy prepare, cook it when my friend get here, few things at supermarket, got a cart, in the meat apartmetn, ground beaf, chicken bress, hot dogs, skip seafoods, not want to bother with fish, cordes, corn, lots of vegetables, i was off to the bakery section, bans, cookies for desert, almost done, went down each , look for, before ramping, liqut, beer, wine, no to bring food, cashier ring me up. clean my apartment


### Terms
--------
1. a house-warming party
    * a party for someone moving to a new home/apartment
    * common to have a party to invite friends over to see the new apartment/home
2. spend the day cooking
    * to past time, occupy your time
3. a barbeque
    * when you cook food at outside, on a grill, charcol, 
4. a shopping cart
5. a meat department
    * call different parts of a store 'department"
6. a butcher
    * the person who cut meat
7. it wouldn't be a barbecue without humburgers
    * you cann't have this thing without another thing
    * to really enjoy a barbecue, you need to have humbugers. 
8. chicken breast
    * white meat
    * dark meat, the wing, 
9. seafood counter
    * counter, a place where customer walk up to and there is other side with things
    * return counter
    * have someone behind a desk or some kind of display, they give you some kind of service
10. produce department
    * a place you have fruits and vegetables
11. corn on the cob
    * a year of corn, h
    * maize ( corn ) that is cooked with all the grains still attached to the inner part and eaten as a vegetable
12. to grill
    * to cook on a fire
    * to cook food over a fire, especially outdoors
13. a vegetarian
    * person who eat vegetables only
    * vigan, very strict vegetarian, doesn't eat any animal products
14. buns
    * piece of bread, for humburgers and hotdogs
    * sandwich bread
    * Buns are small bread rolls. They are sometimes sweet and may contain dried fruit or spices.
15. I went down each aisle looking for the condiments -- the ketchup, mustard, and the mayonnaise [ˈmeɪəneɪz]
    * An aisle [aɪl] is a long narrow gap that people can walk along between rows of seats in a public building such as a church or between rows of shelves in a supermarket.
    * A condiment [ˈkɑndəmənts] is a substance such as salt, pepper, or mustard that you add to food when you eat it in order to improve the flavour.
16. check-out stand
    * where you pay at a store
17. staring at the magazine rack
    * 
18. tabloid [ˈtæblɔɪd]
    * a very low quality newspaper
    * A tabloid is a newspaper that has small pages, short articles, and lots of photographs. Tabloids are often considered to be less serious than other newspapers.
19. go off without a hitch
    * without problems
    * To happen successfully without any problems
    * A hitch is a slight problem or difficulty which causes a short delay.
20. clean the messy apartment, that's the hard part