---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0041"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
negotiation
come to an agreenment with other people
I'm not what youwould call best negotiator, tough negotiation, the time i have to renew the lease of my apartement, in college, LA, lease is up, landlord, sat down, the new lease, i'll tell you what i'm going to do, give you a break if you sign 2 years instead of just 1 year. well i said, i don't know waht break, 5% instead of 10% increase, it's win-win, cutoff rent, contro prop, 1 year lease with 6% increase, no i cann't , here is what i can do, this is final, i'll pay your exlect in 6 months, you drive a high bargin, i guess i could have a try to bargin him more, now i'm happy

### Terms
--------
1. I'm not what you would call "xxx"
    * use to mean I would not be called "xx"
    * if someone is not good at singing. he is not what you would call good singer

2. renew the lease on my apartment
    * to extend it, to make it go longer
    * the lease, the rental agreement, also lease for a car
3. back in college
    * when i was in college, at that time 
4. a small studio
    * one room apartment, everything you have is in the room, kitech, bed, closet
    * one bedroom apartment: have a separate room for bed
5. the lease is up
    * the lease is coming to the end
    * time is up
6. landlord
    * someone who owns the building
7. hammer out 
    * to negotiate, to figuure out, to resolve
8. I'll tell you what i'm going to do
9. a break on rent
    * a reduction to cut to make less
    * a break on the price of a new car
10. what sort of break are we talking about here
    * waht exactly are the details
11. in exchange for
    * you give me something i give you something
11. the security of a two-year lease
12. win-win situation
    * you win and I win, we both benefit from negotiation
13. a cut in rent
    * a break in rent
14. a counter-proposal
    * after someone propose an idea, you provide yours
15. how about this? 
    * use before we're about to give our side's ideas
16. It's a deal
    * an agreement, I agree with it.
17. here is what i can do and it's my final offer
    * when you don't agree completely and you want to continue.
    * it's my final offer, take it or leave it
18. you drived a hard bargain
    * the other person is a very difficult negotiator
19. bargain someone down more
    * to get them reduce their price
20. the dotted line
    * where you put your signature in a contract