---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0023"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
spring cleaning, take place before summer, as usual, get ride of all of the junk. now now is adn but , the cleraning must be bed, strt in bed room, king bed, down conforter, all need to be washed, next start the closet, what a mess, cabinet, das, just shes on the window, move on to kitchen, ston and oven, start with fridge, most of work, rist them all off, back to the stoves, same for the oven, finally wash dishes, dish rag, mix bag, lots of work, find things missing in past years, next I will do in spring

### Terms
--------
1. spring cleaning
    * cleaning up the house after winter to get ready for summer.
2. procrastinated
    * I waited for a long time
    * wait until the very last minute
    * to delay doing sth that you should do, usually because you do not want to do it
3. get rid of 
    * throw away
4. no ifs, ands, or buts about it
    * there is no way to avoid the situation
    * abosolutely true
5. a mattress
    * the soft part of a bed, that you lie on
8. a top sheet
    * 
9. a blanket
    * a comforter
    * a down comforter, a down jacket
10. a pillow
    * is what we put our head on
    * pillow case
11. start in on the closet
    * to begin with something
12. bins
    * containor or box that no lid on it
13. sort
    * to put things in order
    * I need to sort my socks
14. to vacuum
    * the act of cleaning sth with a vacuum cleaner
    * to get dirt out of 
15. to dust
    * use xx to swipe the dust off something
    * to get rid of dust
16. drapes
    * shades
    * Drapes are pieces of heavy fabric that you hang from the top of a window and can close to keep the light out or stop people looking in.
17. stove and oven
    * stove, place you cook food, boil water, fry egg
    * oven, place you bake
18. rinse something off
    * rinse, to wash sth with clean water only, not using soap
    * to clean it, with water and soap
19. to dump
    * to get rid of 
20. scrab clean of the grease and stains
    * grease, animal fat that has been made softer by cooking or heating
    * scrap, clean by using big power
    * stain, dirty that is hard to clean, A stain is a mark on something that is difficult to remove.
21. dish rack
    * where you put wet dishes to dry
22. mixed bag
    * there are good things and bad things, 
    * both positive and negative