---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0028"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
Id meant not very good at small talk. friend, shoot phrase all day, not known people, not good, search for topics. you have to chat bout something, uncomfortable silence, what else the weather. so, nice weather we're having. comment on temperture, not the heat it's humdity, muggy outside, back to my home state, upset about weather report, TV has their own , give you 5 days, rain, cold, favoirate come to mac twin, all talk about weather but no one to do something about it.

### Terms
--------
1. small talk
    * thing we say to others just filling the time
    * anything you're going to get a fight about it
2. shoot the breeze all day long
    * talk about many different things for long time
    * we're talking about mamny things but not really much important
3. cast about (for)
    * to look for
    * I'm casting about a new pen
    * i'm casting about searching for a topic to talk
    * not been very successful
4. taboo topic
    * subject is forbidden to talk about, politistics, religion
5. we end up talking about weather
    * the last thing we do after all things done
    * what happened to you after a certain time
    * like, nice weather we've been having. It's sure it's cold out there. It sure is a warm one out there today.
6. humidity
    * the amount of water in the air
    * muggy, very humid, warm and damp in an unpleasant way
    * opposite, dry
7. forcast
    * the weather prediction
8. a meteorologist
    * the person to report weather report
    * Meteorology is the study of the processes in the Earth's atmosphere that cause particular weather conditions, especially in order to predict the weather.
9. radar
10. the temperature is rising and falling
11. the clouds are moving in
12. how cold the wind chill is
    * how cold your skin feels
    * wind chill, the effect of low temperature combined with wind on somebody/something