---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0004"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
nasty or bad habits. smoking and drinking. my worst habit is probably smoking. graduate from college. Mexico. everyboday around me are smokers. difficult not to smoke. give in. smoke 2 or 3 years, decide to quit smokring. quit cold turkey. other peple have to use Niktin.. use 5 years. walk by someone who is smoking. to smell smoke. a certain of xxx, 10 years ago i quit smoking. cannot stand the smoke. get around. another habit is alcohal. used to drink at college. cannot handle my alcohol any more. don't have occations to drink. not friend are heavy drinkers. Tea. coffee irritate my stomacke. black, wulong, jasmine, cha tea. hot cha tea latai. milk, sugar, cream, caffein in the morning. avoid drinking tea in the night hour. difficult to sleep. 


### Terms
--------
1. to give in
    * feel pressure, to do something because you're pressured somehow, receive pressure from some people
    * I gave in when i was in Mexico because everyone else is smoking. 
    * you're reluctant to do something or your don't want to, but eventually you do. 

2. cold turkey
    * to quit cold turkey. to stop completely without ever going back
    
3. cann't stand, 
    * not able to stand. you don't put up with it, you do not allow it, you cann't tolerate it
    * i cann't stand people who shout

4. cann't handle
    * cann't handle alcohol, alcohol gives me problem that i cannot control very well
    * to be able to handle, means, although the thing or person is difficult, you're able to deal with or get along with that thing or person
    