---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0012"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
 I love coming to Id. lobster, lagnia. yes for friend, I passed for salad and... hostess, snooty. cook pefection. I not appetizers, salad, dessert. starve, not quickly eat. pig. overate. dessert, after drink. apple drink. check, split the bill. go Dutch. hit the gym. 

### Terms
--------
1. to die for
    * absolutely wonderfull, excellent, it's so good
    * often for food
2. take your order
    * execuse me, could you ask the waiter to come and take my order. 
3. soup or salad
    * common appetizer before meal
4. I passed on both
    * I refused, I declined
    * not only for food, for anything i don't want to do
    * I passed on going to the lab tonight
    * do you want to go to my friend's house? I passed
5. vibe
    * the feeling
    * the general tone or way that you proceed the environment
    * when we talk about a bar, restaurant
6. to be laid back
    * to be relax
7. not at all uptight
    * the people there are relax
    * don't be so uptight
        * dont' be so anxious
8. ritzier[ˈrɪtsɪər] resturant, hotel
    * expensive 
9. the wait staff is courteous [ˈkɜːrtiəs]
    * polite
10. to be snooty
    * think you're better than someone else
    * you don't hang out, dont' talk with someone
11. starve
    * very very hungry
    * let's go eat, i'm starved
12. to gobble[ˈɡɑːbl]  down
    * to eat very quickly
13. I still overate
    * eat too much
14. split the bill/check
    * could we get the check now?
    * could you bring our bill please
    * each pay 50%, each to pay your own bill
    * to go Dutch
15. to drop weight, 
    * to lose weight
16. apple-filled crepes
    * A crepe is a thin pancake .