---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0027"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
every day problems
I came across good advice this week. like me,  speng most your time all things in your to do list. think about, figure out how to do them all. or think about things already happened. had a fight with bf, all the time, book, a good point, constantly think your past, how you do current, missing right now, i do it all the time, for instance, i was in a movie, with a good friend, wasing movie for a week, my friend and i great mood, my co-worker, wansn't her, think about the report to do on monday, heat it, pulling her weight, the more the angry, stress out, no where got me , worring the past very much, just enfory the prsent now. 

### Terms
--------
1. come across
    * to find something even you're not necessary looking for it
    * I came across an old friend
2. mess up something
    * do a poor or bad job at something
3. dwell on the past
    * dwell, to live somewhere
    * to think about too much on the past
    * to think or talk a lot about sth, especially sth it would be better to forget
4. point
    * idea
    * a good point, 
    * I see your point, 
    * what's your point, sometime negative
5. In other words
    * to say something in a different way
6. stress out
    * to worry about
    * to concern something that it cause you a problem
7. the past weekend
    * the last weekend
    * the previous weekend
8. put an eye on, had an eye on
    * I have an eye on an ipod, but haven't bought it
9. good mood
10. pull weight
    * pull your weight, do you own work, the thing you're responsible for
11. resolution
    * a new year resolution, a promise to yourself you're trying to keep
12. obsess 
    * always think about it too much
    *  to be always talking or worrying about a particular thing, especially when this annoys other people
    * to completely fill your mind so that you cannot think of anything else, in a way that is not normal
13. here and now
    * present, at this monment, right now