---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0026"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
Daily Errands
personal things that require going outside of house
I have a really busy day. out og bed 7am. jump inot shower, teeth, start reading, news paper , 7:30 go to office, review to do list. 1st off to the post box, public libaray, to check some book i'm readding, next stop supermakert, my wife list, shopping cart, headding to checkout to pay, wasn't done yet. to my bank, withdaw money from ATm, line is too long, farmcy, finally head home, now to do my real job. 

### Terms
--------
1. roll out of bed
    * informal, get out of bed, somehow reluctantly, you don't want to but have to
2. jump in the shower
    * go to there very quickly
    * jump in my car to drive to the gas station
3. I poured myself a bowl of cereal
    * I poured myself, put something into a bowl
    * pour some milk into a glass
4. go over something
    * to review something
5. be off to somewhere
    * to be going to somewhere
6. down the street
    * to be closed to something, short distance
7. check out a book
    * particuly for libary, to get a book, i give him/her the library card, and she/he give me a book. 
8. I've been meaning to
    * I've been wanting to do something but haven't done yet
    * late in doing
    * should have done something
9. next stop
    * next place i want to go
10. a grocery list
    * a list of things/food to buy at supermarket
11. as long as your arm
    * very long
12. get down to business
    * start to do something
13. get in and out quickly
    * be able to do what i need to do and come out very quickly.

14. errand
    * a job that you do for sb that involves going somewhere to take a message, to buy sth, deliver goods, etc.