---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0018"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
transportation.
geting around in the U.S, not easy, own their own car, not everyone afford the car. assurance, gas. most citees , bus, most slower, subway, train dayily, public transit is, fair 1-2 dollar, don't have a exchnage. you have to pay it if want to have a transportation. friend, ride a train everyday. easier for him than driving or taking a bus. another friend ride a bike, still another friend ride a car. taking a taxi is expensive, prepare for the big fair. 

### Terms
--------
1. get around
    * travel, go from one place to another
2. public transportation
    * anything runs by the government
3. foot the bill
    * pay the bill
4. inssurance. 
    * buy in case you have an accident and the issurance company will pay for the repairs
5. daily commuter
7. a fare
    * a term used for a tax, a train, a bus, airplane that you pay money for
8. change a bill
    * to give you change. 
    * to break a bill
9. exact change
10. the boonies
    * way far away from the main city, civillization
    * negative
11. ride a train, subway, bus, bike. 
    * drive a car. you're the driver.
    * fly to S.F. 
    * take can be used in any kind of trans. but not to airplaine
12. my car is in the shop,
    * in the mechincs shop for repairing
13. worse comes to worst
    * in the very worst case possible
    * the most negative 
    * usually follow by a possible solution
14. hop for a taxi, hop the subway
    * hop, here means take