---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0016"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
take a trip and travelling. 

went out east, 2 of my friends, Sand pod, Mid west of US. camping over night, real old real fast, check hotel in 3rd day, check hotel hassle, double bed -me, king-my friend. Captial, Linkin, the White House, then Boston then Canada, Custom and Immergration, the standard question, nature of visit, Chrbost city beatiful, spend 2 days, then to Matroo, then customer and immergraion again when back US. few days later back sweet home

### Terms
--------
1. went out East
    * East Coast of U.S.
2. a road trip
    * a trip when you drive somewhere
3. a spirit of moment
4. get real old, real fast 
    * to get boring very quickly, after many times
5. we're headed somewhere
    * to go somewhere
    * "where you're headed", "I'm headed..."
6. it's a real hassle
    * it's a real trouble
    * to cause someone problem
7. double bed, / king
    * type of bed, 
    * king size bed, a big bed that sleep 2 people very comfortable, 
8. lodging
    * a common term to cover every place where you'll sleep or stay overnight or in some temporary situation. 
    * can be a camp, trayler, hotel
9. tourist attractions
    * popular places in tour city
10. to declare
    * when go to another country, pay tax for things with you. Tell the custom officer you have something to declare
11. is more of a pain
    * similar to a hassle
    * polite expression
    * it's a pain 
12. the standard questions, the standard menu
    * the normal ...
13. the nature of your visit
    * the reason of your visit
    * the most important quality of something
14. a tourist trap
    * designed to take your money when you travel in a city
    * any place someone is enjoyable but cost lots of money
    * a place that attracts a lot of tourists and where food, drink, entertainment, etc. is more expensive than normal
15. sidetrack
    * push off the track, pushed off the way you're going
    * negative thing
    * I dont' want to get a sidetrack. means, i want to focus on the important thing
    * sidetrack somebody (into doing something) to make somebody start to talk about or do something that is different from the main thing that they are supposed to be talking about or doing
16. the bags are searched
    * usullay in a custom
17. home sweet home
    * i'm glad to be home
    * sweet, very nice

18. campground
    * a place where people on holiday can put up their tents, park their caravan, etc., often with toilets, water, etc.
19. fairly easily