---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0008"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
a women to write an email to a friend. personal email differ a 
HI Julia, i'm siting in our aptm, roomate 4 years, realy miss, i'm so happy you're geting settled in NewYork. 1st get your dream job, 2nd move to new york. traffic, not broke down, no traffic. make on time, not break anthing. get use to new city before geting work. working a writer in a best company. you're very focus and working so hard. can't wait to read in newspaper. same old same old. work in weekend. love my job. being a shuffle is good. get fat. decide to do. fit. i went out today get clothes. no excuse, get out of my back and work out. couch potatos, but not any more. get up each morning and work out, before 10am. wich me luck. 

### Terms
--------
1. feel sorry for yourself. 
    * to pity yourself. your situation is worse than other
    * stop feeling sorry for yourself. stop thinking your sitation is worse than everyone else. to friend, familly members or someone you know well, not to your boss
    * means “feeling down or depressed”
    * I feel sorry because I did something I now know I shouldn’t have done OR I did something that was really stupid and now I feel bad OR I feel bad because of something I did to myself
2. dream job
    * ideal, perfect job. my dream car is 
3. breakdown
    * car has problem and stop running
4. same old same old
    * informal, used among friend. Things has not been changed. 
5. drawback
    * negative part of something situation. 
    * use when something has good or bad things
6. get off my but
    * we need to get going, moving, start working
    * but
7. couch potato
    * sit all day, do nothing, watch TV, play games
    * potato: big heavy, lazy

### Others
1. I'm ashamed of myself. The speaker has done some regrettable . In an apology it'd be "I'm ashamed that (person(s)) did (verb/action)."
2. "I'm embarrassed" or that I'm "embarrassed that"(verb happened )
3. get off my back,  get off my case
    * they mean the same thing. to just quit harassing me about something and leave me alone
    * “I wish my mom would get off my case about my homework.”
    * “I wish my mom would get off my back about homework.”