---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0012"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
going to restunrant, order food
i love to restunrant to eat. one of best, eill for nail, not very often, cannot afford, treat myself, with my friend, just 2 people, i show you to the table, by window, is this alright, head us the menu, silver ware, 2 forks, spoon, desert, wine and water glass, your waiter will be with you shortly, itally food. i'll be your waiter this evening. cock tail, not big drinker, cup of ice tea, node our heads, spot out 1 of my faviourat dish, crab cakes. 

### Terms
--------
1. to be able to afford something
    * you have money to pay for
2. every once in a while
    * not every day, with less frequency
3. treat yourself
    * to give yourself something special that you woudn't buy normally
4. how many people are in your party
    * how many people are in the dinner with you
    * in restanrant, just means the number of people in your group
5. I'll show you to the table
    * take them , leave them to the 
6. for a lover of Itallian food
    * in love with something
7. is there anything i can start you with, get you started with
    * appetizers before meal, like cock tail, 
8. to be a big drinker
9. spot one of my favorite dishes
    * see, find
10. to be a must
    * something must have, necessary

### Others
 1. I'm in for a treat. You're in for a treat
    * It means I really think you are going to like what is about to happen.
        Example
        A: im going to see Hamilton on Broadway.
        B: oh, you’re in for a treat!
    * It can also be used sarcastically to mean you are not going to like something/ I feel bad for what you are about to experience
        A: do you have any plans this weekend?
        B: my mother-in-law is coming to visit so I’m in for a real treat 