---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0021"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
talk about yourself
well, i was borna nd raised in minsoda, miilk sprint chiken, 8 brothers, 2 sisters, baby of the family, i wan'ts spoled, smallest, big family in the state, my father and mother dont' have much money, won't worry. borther like sports, i like reading ,listening music. after high school, bachlor degree, 6 years later gradu, Mexio teach english,  learn spanish, back be a teacher,master degree, move to lA 1991, after few years, back to school again to Phd, i finished my degree in 4 years, tought in unv for serveal years, now in research insituite. 

### Terms
--------
1. I was born and raised 
    * I was born in NK, but I was raised in Hwai
    * i'm a native of Mini Soda
    * I'm from Min Soda
2. I'm no spring chicken
    * sprint chicken, means very young
    * I'm not young
3. I swear
    * say truthly
    * I promise
4. spoil
    * I was not spoiled
    * get everyting you want and not be very appreciate and nice about the things
    * a spoil brat, a child doesn't behave well, his/her parents give him/her everything he/she had wanted, and never displease the child
5. mostly happy childhood
6. keep up the Joneses
    * try to be as good/rich/wealthy as someone
    * competing
7. grade school
    * the frist 6 or 7 years in your school life
    * primary school
8. go on
    * continue
    * I went on to University
9. learn the ropes
    * get used to, get customed to 
    * to understand
    * I started a new job yestrertday, it's difficult but eventually i would learn the ropes
10. better late than never
11. become a teacher
    * be somthing
    * I want to become a good football player
12. I was a professional student
    * describe a person to go to school many years and times
13. I finish up my degree in 4 years
    * finsih up, complete
14. I was happily married
    * everything is fine and smoothly to be married