---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0034"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
one of my favo hanging out, is cafe, beliba, 5mins away, never too busy to find a table, bussling, just in morning, at lunch time, the owners oswala, cool music at backgroudn, yesterday new york times, laptop, few hours, latin, double , cream, coffe cake, the cafe fanm menu, great for people watching, just sit watch people come and go, yesterfay, monthr and 3 dagheter, 1 order a latin, typical mix of screen writers, hollywood walitis, colorful mis, me, just sitand read my paper, someday i would like to direct.

### Terms
--------
1. hang-out
    * a place you spend time, relax, not working
2. near where i live
    * it's near me
3. 5 mins away
    * talk time instead of miles
4. bustling
    * very busy
    * full of people moving about in a busy way
5. kill a few hours there
    * to spend time doing relax enjoyable things 
    * to use up the time, waste time
6. order the usual
    * order what i usually get
    * a regular, I'm a regular at the cafe
7. the shot of something
    * a small amount, for alcohol, coffee
8. hold the whipped cream
    * do not add it, don't put it
    * Whipped cream sprays out of a can as a fluffy sugar topping for coffee or desserts.
    * Heavy whipping cream is a liquid you can mix in other liquids for flavor.
9. soup and sandwich
    * 
10. people watching
    * watch the people come and go
11. this being
    * something expected
    * it means the speaker is acknowledging that something is true, but may be about to say something that contradicts what was said at least somewhat.
    * this being Los Angeles, you have your typical mix of screenwriters, out-of-work actors, and various Hollywood wannabes.
12. out-of-work actors
13. wannabe
    * you want to be someone but you're not
    * a person who behaves, dresses, etc. like sb famous because they want to be like them
14. me, i like to watch TV
15. someday I would like to direct
    * a joke