---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0024"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
driving experience in L.A.
driving in LA is stressful, get behind of wheel, rely on freeway in LA, drive on freeway good and bad, no stop, 50-60, other hand, drawback, cutoff othr car to get ahead, get into the passing lane, cut that person, try to catch up, almost cause an accident, change lane without looking, big pilop, surf street, draw back too, take ages to get there, stop sign, stop light, crosswalk, even more conjuction than on freeway, we need to better public transportation, as famous song goes, no body walk in LA


### Terms
--------
1. stressful
    * to lot of anxiouty
2. doing battle
    * to fight, fighting
    * something causes lots of difficulties, struggle with 
3. get across town
    * get to the other side of the city
4. get behind the wheel
    * drive
5. aggressive side
    * ready to attack someone
    * opposite: mild-mannered
6. commute
    * go from your home to your work, usually long distance
7. stoplight
    * eletric lights: red, yellow, green
8. stop sign
9. speed limit
    * 55, 65 miles/hour
    * lowering the speed limit
9. in a flash
    * very quickly
    * I'll be there in a flash if I take a subway
10. drawback
    * disadvantage
11. gun their engines
    * go very fast suddenly
12. cut off a car
    * to go in front of a car
    * gun their engines and cut off other cars to get ahead
13. passing lane
    * the most left lane
14. zipping in and out of traffic
15. speeding and changing lane without signalling
16. a pile up
    * many cars get into a accident together
17. alternate route,
18. surface street, 
    * not freeway, highway
19. crosswalk
    * people walk to the other side of a road
20. tailgate
    * follow them too closely
21. congestion
    * too crowded, many cars in traffic
22. rollerblade
    * a type of boot with a line of small wheels attached to the bottom
23. much less
    * Often 'much less' is short for 'and certainly not to/for..'. 
        - I don't have enough money for socks, much less a new shirt.
        - I can barely lift one of those, much less two of them.