---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0011"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
express emotions, feelings. 
it would be great, happy all the time, day in and day out, dispoint happens, interview for a job, fail. feel down if i read a sad book, a movie with tragic endding, feel blue but nothign happen, cheer my self up, a change of pace help, get out of house, outside dinner ,walk outside, i hate to say, going out and buy new, does the trick, cheer me up. other time, have long time with a good friend, ok, i've got it, call Debbie, invite her to dinner, good friend, bright, if not work, i'm heading to the mall

### Terms
--------
1. feel down, feel depressed, feel a little blue, have a bad mood, in a bad mood
    * don't feel well, not happy
    * feel blue: old fasion, feel badly, like the color blue
    * upset over something
2. day in and day out
    * all of the time, going on constantly
    * it rains day in and day out. evey day and all the time
3. cheer yourself up
    * make yourself happy
4. change of pace
    * change in a way of doing things
    * to change a pace, to change your pace, means to do things in a different way
    * "I ate out with my friend last night. It was a change of pace because I had been studying for a long time at home"
5. i hate to say it
    * you want to say something someone not like, or that you're speaking in a not positve way
6. do the trick
    * to complish the goal
    * That will work.
    * This phrase is said when a task has been completed and you feel the effort you've put in is enough.
7. glass half full not glass half empty
    * optimistic side, “Glass-half-full” is an expression to use when you are trying to see the good in a bad situation.
8. the glass half empty not glass half full
    * negative side    

### Others
1. “Day in and day out” = something that happens all the time “I used to drink coffee day in and day out.”
“Day by day” = something that changes gradually “He gets stronger day by day.”