---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0015"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
 My frind Ban and I , wait a month, a concert, in a small venu, won't be a bad seat, get in whicsky early, 4 blocks away, 20 p, 2 bouncers, won't any body in, line start to move, bouncers chck ticket, band, get inside, try close to stage, already a batch of people, VIP or groopy, security won't let everyone get that close, this is the band i never heard before, try to play, horrible, throwing things on stage, loud, hardly hear, left stage. yeiling , top of bar, someone get microphone, introduce, everyone carm down, the ban come to stage and 1st, Ban and I are nervious, don't know things out of hand, turn out to be a great night.

### Terms
--------
1. wouldn't be a bad seat in the house
    * there isn't a bad seat in a bar, theater, concert hall
2. street parking
    * parking on a streat, instead of a parking lot
3. snag a spot, snag a parking spot 
    * to get, to obtain, that in difficulty
    * you manage to get shoes before anyone else when shoes are on sell
4. 2 bouncers 
    * a big, strong, muscale man to prevent
    * a security person
5. to get the head of line
    * front of the line
6. wrist band
7. to crash a party
    * to go to a party you don't belong
8. get inside the bar and find a roped-off section
    * take a rope and put in a place and prevent someone to sit there
    * VIP, special guest
9. groupie
    * very die-hard fan 
    * fantansitci person of 
10. warm-up act, opening act
    * get the crowd ready for the band
11. boo
    * negative thing
    * a sound that people make to show that they do not like an actor, speaker, etc.
12. be rowdy
    * out of control, to be violent
    ​* a person who makes a lot of noise or is likely to cause trouble
13. headlining band
14. what's the 1st number, what's the last number
    * first song, last song
15. happy campers
    * every one was happy, satisfied
    * we have a group of happy campers
    * pleased about a situation
16. concert-goers
    * audiences in concert
17. going to be riot
    * a situation in which a group of people behave in a violent way in a public place, often as a protest