---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0031"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
reading newspaper
I'm felling reading newspapeter when i was kid. back then ,2, morning edition, afternoon. now just a morning paper. i'm not piggy on which paper, national paper, newyork, washton time. news junky, browsing different section, reading headlines, skip sport and, always read the front page and tyoy page, weekend, for movies and reviews, i still like reading real newspaper, also read online, big sick paper, recycle my stack of newspaper

### Terms
--------
1. fall into a habit of reading newspaper
    * to start a habit, to get a habit
    * a habit of doing sth
2. back then
    * back at a certain time
    * back at taht time
3. the edition of a newspaper
    * the version or the form of a newspaper
    * edtions, for newspaper, books, 
4. I wasn't too picky
    * to be very selective
    * for someone who dislike many things
    * liking only particular things and difficult to please
5. when it comes to
    * when we refer to something
    * when it comes to reading, i like reading newspaper
    * follow by i like, i prefer
6. don't get me wrong
    * don't misunderstand me
    * used when it's possible for someone to misunderstand
7. junkie
    * to be addictived by some drugs
    * used informally to anyone who is a funatice, who need to get that thing, someone who like it a lot
    * It's like the word "addict." Used alone, it can mean "drug addict," but you can pair it with another word to give it a more playful use.
8. browse
    * to read, look at something very lesurely, take your time, not hurrying
    * browse through a newspaper, turn the pages slowly
    * May i help you, no thank you, i'm just browsing
9. classifieds
    * classfied ads, include things like personals, selling their cars, homes, anouncements for employment...
10. skip, skip over
    * I skip the sports section and the funies
11. flip through
    * to browse, to turn the pages but not look very carfully
12. editorial page
    * where you have people's opinions
    * regular writers
    * an important article in a newspaper, that expresses the editor's opinion about an item of news or an issue; in the US also a comment on radio or television that expresses the opinion of the station or network
13. skim
    * flip through and browse, not look at it very carefully
    * to read sth quickly in order to find a particular point or the main points
    * I'll skim the entertainment section for the movie listings and reviews
14. nothing beats lounging around
    * nothing is better than
    * Nothing beats means there is nothing better.
    * lounging means to relax and do what you want in a lazy way.
15. recycle
    * to use again
    * recycling container
16. stack of newspaper