---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0036"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
a little shopping
a new dress for a wedding next week, mall ,lunch hour, a big variatn stoll, I was sure to find sth just righg, packing struction , right to the food cort, where to start, 1 of 2 stores, i saw a nice dress, window display, go in, sale clerk, hang some , can i help you, i'm just browsing, let me know if need help, thanks. looking around, nice sweaters, shelfs, rack, same dress in teh window dislay, it was on sale, 50% off, my size, plenty smalls and larges, clerk walking by, do you have any size, out of luck, i have this dress in medium size, try on, dressing room, Shyel, it's fit, i like the color, to register, are you ready, i was, ring me out, the total, how to pay, mastercard, process the card, sign the receipt, a bag with my new dress, thanks for comming in, thank her and left, couldn't believe done so quickly. 


### Terms
--------
1. mall
    * many stores together in a place
    * department stores, different things to sell in  many kinds
2. packing structure
    * packing lot, but usually mean a packing place has 2 or more levels that you can park on
3. food cort
    * a place where you find resturant
    * many tables and chairs that you can sit on after buying food from different resturants
4. window display
5. window shopping, i was just looking i wasn't buying anything
6. sales clerk
    * people work in store in a mall
7. rack
    * made of metal, for hanging things so people can see it
8. I'm just browsing
    * to look at, but not seriously want to but things
9. dress pants
    * pants for more formal occations
10. on sale
    * things are discounted
    * be marked down
11. plenty of smalls and larges, but no mediums
    * use as noun, i'm looking for a small. i'm looking for a cloth in the samll size
12. in the back
    * not in the display, but in the storage area
13. in a medium
13. try it on
13. it fit perfectly
14. ring up a sale
15. There is a 1st time for everything
    * this is an unusual event, this is something that doesn't happen very often. 