---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0037"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
8 years, buying her a new pet. I would go to the pet store and find a pet won't  too much bother. big pet store. KJs with dogs and cats, birds and every color, saw snakes, sales clerk, told him looking for a pet eaisy to take care of , cat or kitten, alergic to cat, a puppy, dog canels, how often they need to be walked, take out 3 -5 times a day. much walk. some birds, including a parrot, cages has to be cleaned, mixed that idea, back of the store, perfect pet for you, a quriyon, 20 different kinds, very easy take care, not need to clean frequently, just to feed, neace love the fish, Jafishes, she is happy. just before i left, when can we go to Disneyland, the work for uncle is never done.


### Terms
--------
1. she is turning 8
    * she is going to have a birthday soon
    * i'm going to be 8

2. taking care of a pet
    * to look after
    * to be a person who is responsible
3. too much of a bother
    * too much trouble
4. cage
    * made of metal, a place where to keep an animal
    * a bird cage
5. kitten
    * a baby cat
6. allergic
    * have an allergy
    * having an allergy to sth
7. puppy
    * a baby dog
8. a kennel
    * a place you'll find many dogs/cats
    * a small shelter for a dog to sleep in
    * a place where people can leave their dogs to be taken care of when they go on holiday/vacation; a place where dogs are bred
9. walk a dog
    * take a dog out
10. much too much work
    * it's a lot
    * mean same as too much
11. I nixed that idea
    * decided that idea is not good, reject it
    * “Nix” has a sense of “to make zero.” So if you “nix an idea,” you kill it, make it a zero impact, or quit discussing it.
    * If you “nix a program,” you spend zero dollars on it, cancel it, or kill it.
12. aquarium [əˈkweriəm] 
    * a tank of water
    * a large glass container in which fish and other water creatures and plants are kept
13. name something/someone after someone
    * you give that person/something the same name
14. the work of an uncle is never done
    * a joke. I work very hard