---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0022"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
thsi is turning  out a month seeing old frends, see an email, graduing school, visit LA for week, plan to visit friend, looking forward to meet her kids, another old friends, buddies, LA to SF, lunch, work in Wshdon DC, adiser, busy, goodby to friend, hope to keep in touch, hard to do, falling out of touch, pick up where we left, move to different paces, some are successful, some are struggling making food and meat, like to touch again , look forward, touch up

### Terms
--------
1. old friends
    * know each other for many years
2. turn out
    * to result in , to become
    * this is turning out to be a beatiful day
3. graduate school
    * refer to anything you study after you got bachlor degree
    * graduate degree, layers, teachers, consultant
4. in ages
    * for very very long time
5. to be a buddy
    * to be a very closed friends
    * used by children. 
    * use in hirosticaly
6. undergraduate
    * time before geting bachlor degree
7. swing by
    * to visit but not to stay for long
8. make time
    * set aside time
    * schedule time
9. keep in touch
    * to stay in contact
    * to keep communicating with each other
10. what with this and that
    * for a various reasons
11. fall out of touch with 
    * not keep in touch with
12. pick up where they left off
    * start where it stopped last time
13. move on
14. live their life in the fast lane
    * live and spend lots of money
15. make ends meet
    * to be able to pay only your neccessities, your phone, gas, electronics...
16. touch base
    * contact
17. old pals
    * buddies
18. catch up
    * to talk about waht happened since last time they met