---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0029"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
unkind comments
yesterday, i was talking excolledgue, beach, walking his dog, bad mouseing at his coworkers, hey jeff, long time no see, what's been up to , no much, guss what i see, joshon, big ear, eagle, how interesting, falling out, not care for him, he is back steba, i know what you mean, it's time to make my exit, this guy will go on next 20 mins, what's time, i have to meet my brother, i get better thing to do than listening to him

### Terms
--------
1. ex-colleague
    * someone are used to work with
2. quite frankly
    * very honestly
3. big mouth
    * insult, talk too much
    * always tell people things that they should not
4. bump into
    * to meet someone you would not expect to meet
    * run into
5. walk his dog
    * take your dog outside 
6. bad mouth
    * say bad things about someone
7. come up to someone
    * to approach someone
8. long time no see
    * it's been long time that i haven't seen you
9. an ego to match
    * ego, how you feel yourself
    * So he’s saying that he has a big ego. This means that he thinks very highly of himself, or that he is very arrogant.
10. it takes one to know one
    * when someone says something unkind to someone
    * It means that if a person is similar and alike to the other person, that person would know or would be familiar with the way the same other person would think and act. It can be a compliment or a snarky remark or just being playful with your friends.
11. talk behind someone's back
    * to say un-nice things about someone when he is not here
12. falling out
    * an argument, a fight
    * Losing a friendship, becoming angry with each other or just meeting less often
13. care for
    * to like 
    * to assist
14. how come
    * why
15. backstabber
    * someone to attack you when you don't have chance to fight back
    * A "backstabber" is used to refer to a person who is a hypocrite or a liar who interacts nicely when upfront but talks bad about you behind your back. So, that person "stabs" (or "attacks") you in the back.
16. outdo 
    * It is like an informal competition, and one person is wanting to perform better than the other person. For instance, if I wanted to outdo my friend who recently had a party, I would host my own party with more guests, more food, more alcohol, etc.
17. make my exit
    * to leave
18. go on about something
    * talk too much about something
19. what time do you have
    * a more plite way than 'what time is it'
20. geez
    * informal way of syaing "wow"
21. man
    * expression of excitement
    * emphasize the things you have to do
22. hit the road
    * to go somewhere
23. the pier
    * A pier is a platform sticking out into water, usually the sea, which people walk along or use when getting onto or off boat
24. it was sure good to see you again
25. gripe
    * a complaint about sth
26. what have you been up to
    * how have you been
    * what are you up to