---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0040"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---s
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
homecoming
traditional celebration in school, in spetemeber, octo
Fall is once again apanos, homecoming is just , american tradition, each sep, oct, highschool, college, celebrate football games and others, when i was in school, 1st election for king and queue, each class has own repres, one boy and girl, cheer leader, i was neither, nevever a chance to be elected, from senior class, led to a big game, friday night and sat afternoon, in my school, puprally, befor the day, cheer leader do their things on the stages, small aride before the game, loyaty, cheer on by parents and students, then watch football games, at my school we usually lost. 

### Terms
--------
1. homecoming
    * literally someone come back to ther home
    * here for football games that is celebrated in school for students who are in school and who leave school and come back, to show they're interested in school and love it
    * a social event that takes place every year at a high school , college or university for people who used to be students there
2. Fall is once again upon us
    * when we talk event or time, e.g. the sprint is upon us, means now we're in Spring, it's the time of Spring.
3. be just around the corner
    * not phiscally, but time, when we're very near to the time
    * short amount of time before thing happpens
4. show their school spirit
    * do some activity to support your school
5. homecoming king and queen
6. the boy who is a popular jock
    * jock, someone who play sports, football jock, means he plays football
7. cheerleader
    * dress up in colors of school
    * jumps up and down, yeiling and shouting to support the team
    * stand on the plane field
    * A cheerleader is one of the people who leads the crowd in cheering at a large public event, especially a sports event.
8. stand a chance
    * to have a chance, to have a possiblity
    * I don't stand a chance to be elected
9. a senior class
    * four years high shool and college, freshman, Sophomore, junior, senior 
    * I'm a class of 1981. I graduated in 1981
10. the big game
    * the big football game
11. the home game
    * the game is held in the stadium or on the field of that school
12. pep rally
    * a gathering all students come together in school gym, the cheerleader playing 
    * a dance team do special dances and celebrate the game
    * a meeting of school students before a sports event to encourage support for the team
13. do your thing
    * to do what you're suppose to do 
14. parade to march
    * parade around the playing ground
    * a public celebration of a special day or event, usually with bands in the streets and decorated vehicles
15. marching band 
    * playing music when walking
16. cheer on the team
    * to encourage the team, to yield to shout, to support team
17. alumni [əˈlʌmnaɪ] 
    * anyone who graduated or completed from school
    * for girl, alumna; for man, alumnus