---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0042"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
formal email
Doc. Li, not know me or not, talked last week, read all your papers, i'm in your reaserach, language learning, the reason is i'd like to come your univiersty to studay with you, couldn't stop thinking, not know stop new students, hope you can consider me, 2 attachment, research paper i completed this year, i hope this will give your an idea of my expereience, let m eknow if yo uneed more information, pleasure to meet you at the conference, hope to learn more about your research paper


### Terms
--------
1. I don' know you'll remember me but i introduced myself after your keynote
    * I'm not sure...
    * be a little humble
2. keynote
    * a formal speech that some gives to a large group of people
    * a keynote after a conference
    * a keynote speech/speaker (= a very important one, introducing a meeting or its subject)
    * The phrase "keynote address" means the main speech on the theme of the event/conference.
3. as I mentioned to you
    * use to remind the other person..
    * as we discussed...
    * per your request, ...
4. journal papers
    * scentific research investigation
5. top journal
6. the reason i'm contacting you is that
    * a common expresson in american business letters
    * I'm contacting you to ask you for a favor
7. couldn't stop singing your praises as a professor and as an advisor
    * to complement them
    * say wonderful things about him
8. I hope you'll consider me
    * a pilot way to ask or request a help from someone
9. CV
    * curriculum vitae
    * a list of your jobs, experiences, educations
    * resume
10. give someone an idea of
    * give someone information about
11. please let me know if you need more information
    * a pilot way 
    * feel free to call me, email me. 
12. acdamic work
    * research acticals, papers that put in a journal
13. it's a pleasure and a previledge to meet you 
    * previledge: special opportunity that only small number of people get to have 
14. sincerely
    * how we close a letter or email
    * cogelly