---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0035"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
working in the office finish a big project
I was glad Friday afternoon, tgif, Neak sitting at this desk, office empty, don't want to leave, you're here late. may be all nighter, my project down to my lap, what ahppened, person in charge marternity leave, person supposed to be just resign, can't believe, firsting thing Monday morinign, layoff, my own, maybe i can help. No, it's Friday evening, you're about to home. I cann't ask you to do it. i don't have any big plan tonight. I'm having my trouble, proposal, wiz on numbers, i help you on the project. and you help me on the budget. I know you've done the project before. good, let's get the deal. 

### Terms
--------
1. TGIF
    * thank god it's Friday
2. on your way out of the office
    * you're leaving, you're walking away
3. be swamped with work
    * have a lot of work
    * to throw water out of boat to the ocean
4. an all-nighter
    * i'm gong to step up all night
    * i'm going to pull an all nighter, to study my exam, finish my work
    * a time when you stay awake all night studying
5. dump sth in your lap
    * someone give you work unexpectedly
    * usually you don't want this
6. you're kidding
    * you're joking
7. put in charge of 
    * you're responsible for it
8. take over
    * take the charge of it
9. resign
    * to quit, to leave
10. it's due first thing on Monday
    * you have to get it done at the 1st thing
11. lay-offs
    * the company let worker leave 
    * downsize
    * reduntancy
12. bring sb up to speed
    * to give him/her information
    * to fill me in
13. to budget, to have a budget
    * to have a plan to spend money
14. marriage proposal
15. a whiz at numbers
    * be very good at it
    * i'm a wiz at the computer
16. give someone a hand with
    * to help them
17. a big relif
    * a big burden going away
18. feel overwhelmed, to be overwhelmed
    * to have so much stress, anxity, worry about sth, don't allow you to act normally
19. you've got a deal
    * i agree to your idea