---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0065"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
picking a cloth to wear
one of them not have much fasion sense, pick shirt green pant, baddest case my wardrobe, llong slim, down color, casual shrits with colors, tons Tshrts with many logos, black formal occasion, informal events, suit for wedding, suit cloths, nice looking, sports coat, not use much, stop talking, start dresssing, late for work


### Terms
--------
1. wardrobe
    * all of clothing you can wear
    * Someone's wardrobe is the total collection of clothes that they have.
    * small wardrope: don't have many cloth to wear
    * a tall cabnet, A wardrobe is a tall cupboard or cabinet in which you can hang your clothes.
2. fashion sense
    * fasion: a kind of clothing, the way they look
    * ability to know what would look good for someone
3. I mean
    * common way sort of time feed up
    * make clear of my meaning 
4. basket case
    * mental or emtional problem, they cannot do what they suppose to do
    * kind of joking here, i cannot do a good job
5. short-sleeve shirt
    * cover part of your arm
6. long-sleeve shirt
    * go down to your wrist
7. button-down collar
    * a collar that has buttons on the top front, keep it touch on the rest of shirt
8. shirt pocket
    * a pocket on the shirt
9. casual shirt
    * Casual clothes are ones that you normally wear at home or on holiday, and not on formal occasions.
9. every logo you can think of 
    * lots of logo
10. black slacks
    * slack, another word for pant, a pair of slacks
11. khakis and jeans, ...
    * I have a couple of good pairs of black slacks for formal occasions, along with khakis and jeans for more informal events
    * 卡其裤和牛仔裤
12. suit
    * formal describe for pants, tie, belt,  coat, shirt
13. a sport coat
    * a jacket, coat for informal situation
14. buckle
    * A buckle is a piece of metal or plastic attached to one end of a belt or strap, which is used to fasten it.