---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0046"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
art museum

want to see a new exhibit at art mueseam, invite Lucy, conteporary art, artist we both like, ever since, she was up to coming 10 years ago, retro spective, differnt type of work by the artist, painting of her early work, schoopchar work, media, verstal artist, one of reason i like her work very much, opening of this exishbishtion, when arrived, alot of people there,, looking aroud, artists,  some are crstist, collector, curator, looked around for him, group of people at the corner, I spotted him, talking about gallery, say a few words, introdcue the artiest, got a chance to meet her, she was very gracious, with her talent, has made in hte art world, not easy to do, best work still to come


### Terms
--------
1. exihbit
    * a show, a special gallery of art painting, by artist, 
2. come along
    * come with you, go with you
3. contemporary art
    * of today, of the current year or generation
    * modern art
4. ever since
    * since a certain time
    * ever since
5. up and coming
    * an artist, not yet famous and going to be come very pouplar soon
6. retrospective
    * for movie, given the history of the art work from the begining
    * a public exhibition of the work that an artist has done in the past, showing how his or her work has developed
7. sculptures
    * A sculpture is a work of art that is produced by carving or shaping stone, wood, clay, or other materials.
8. mixed media
8. versatile
    * be able to do many differnt things
    * If you say that a person is versatile, you approve of them because they have many different skills.
9. opening
    * in the art world, 
    * a ceremony to celebrate the start of a public event or the first time a new building, road, etc. is used
10. wine and cheese reception
    * a sort of party that is very low-key
11. art critics
    * A critic is a person who writes about and expresses opinions about things such as books, films, music, or art.
12. a collector
    * someone who buy art and put it in their home
    * also refer to anyone who like to collect things
13. a curator
    * a person who decide which art to show and how to display them
    * A curator is someone who is in charge of the objects or works of art in a museum or art gallery.
14. spot someone
    * to see someone, find someone
    * spot a thing, spot a penny
15. say a few words
    * a person stand up in front of a group of people and say some words. 
16. gracious
    * to be kind, nice
    * very well-mannered and pleasant.
17. to make it
    * to be successfull
18. still to come
    * expect it in the future