---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0056"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
last week, assistant give notice, quitting for 2 weeks, worse time, busy time of year, nothing could do, right away, recieved serveral applications,  call 4 of them for interview, narrow down to 2 candidates, 1st, Calio, she has 4 years of experience worked as tele communication compoany, was dressed professionaly, seem personable, when asked, answer confident, hard worker, show a lot of experience, a little chatty, disorganized, 2nd, Alex, more experience, different capacity, only 1 year of experience adminstrativ, a little rough, earnest, seems bright, easy to get along with, a little shy, little nervious, which one should i hire, i need to give it some more thought


### Terms
--------
1. give notice
    * you're telling the company the notice you'll quit, or leave the job
2. couldn't have happened at the worse time
    * use when something really bad had happened to us, and there are other bad things (even worse) happened at the same time.
3. put a want ad in the classifieds
    * a notice to ad. in a newspaper to look for someone to hire
    * help wanted ad.
4. call in
    * contact them if they can come in your office
    * my boss called me in today to talk
5. narrow sth down
    * reduce the number of possbility
6. resume
    * list of your education, accomplishment..
    * curriculum vitae
7. dressed professionally:  (for formal situation), promising (could have a lot of possibilities), personable (be kind, be nice)
8. speak with confidence, answer with confidence
9. perseverence
    * continue on doing work even there are many difficulties
10. drawback
    * disavantage
11. be chatty
    * talk too much
12. disorganized
    * not have things in order
13. capabity
    * ability
14. be rough around the edges
    * have the possiblity but not yet ready
15. be earnest and eager
    * earnest: very serious and sincere
    * eager: williness to do someting, really want to do sth, motivated to do 
16. don't have the air of someone who work in a cooperate env.
    * have the air of: to give the impression, to appear
    * a cooperate env.: a big company 
17. be bright
    * be smart
18. be easy to get aloong with
19. sb/sth strike me as being a little shy
    * you appear to me
20. give it some more thought