---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0046"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
relationship
Jeff, here question, i want to talk with Don, first wedding ann last week, guess present, vacue cleaner, did she want, yes, the old one broken, not hte point, upset, not romantic, women always think men arr romantic, not women's want, something broken man fix, that's not romantic in my book, you women ideal romantic, he could never get in head of women and guess, women just tell man, we women think wan should konw without telling, i see your point, i guess it's true, Man form Mars, women from vanis..


### Terms
--------
1. Jeff, here is a question
    * i want to ask you a question. it's a way of introducing a question
2. wedding anniversary
3. vacuum cleaner
    * get dirty out of 
4. That's not the point
    * That's not what the important, 
    * that's not what I mean
5. be upset
    * to be angry, mad, bothered
6. be romantic
    * to be loving of your wife, girlfriend
7. let someone down
    * do something someone doesn't like, doesn't expect
    * I let my friend down
8. Oh, great
    * that's terrible
    * sarcastic, using the opposite way to be funny, 
9. the mark of a good husband
    * the sign of , the indication of
    * the mark of a good actor is he can resign all...
10. it's not romantic in my book
    * according to my way of thinking, the way i see things / i view things
11. idealized view of romance
    * the perfect situation, 
    * unrealistic, no one can really acheive that
12. a chick flick
    * informal, refer to a woman or a girl, not a good word to them
    * a flick is a movie
    * insulting, negative way
    * A movie that is usually liked by women more than men, such as a romantic film
    * it's a movie usually for female audiences.. more of drama, or comedy/drama genre.. something guys dont usually watch
13. a romance novel
    * a noval about relationship of a beatiful woman and a handsome man
14. get into someone's head
    * to understand them, to get their point of view
15. that is
    * to mean i'm going to give more explanation, a litte bit more, a clarify
16. Men are from Mars, and Women are from Venus
    * they see things differently, that is sometime they don't understand each other
