---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0046"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
taking a trip to NY
telphone, lucy receive a call from Jeff, great, 7 days NY, fast, both, saw my fridends at nodole, just moved there, tourist bus, plane, museam, concert, iskland, a day and half, worth, got to see a lot, exusted, we were, the rest were, rent a car, road trip, up to, other friends, hotel, not bother, drive through there, 2 days, drove back last night, 8 am, this monrining, the most my plane were canceled, rebook, 3 hours later, in shicago, made back ok, even have the weekend to rest, i'll need and catch up my sleep. 


### Terms
--------
1. a blast
    * a lot of fun
    * informal, a party or a trip 
2. oh yeah~
    * show that person you're listening
    * similar, really
3. a tourist spot
    * a tourist place
4. a guidebook
    * a travel guidebook
5. the Staten Island Ferry
    * New York City consists of five parts: Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx and Staten Island.
    * ferry: a boat that carries people, vehicles and goods across a river or across a narrow part of the sea
6. a whirlwind
    * it went very quickly and we did many things in that time peroid
    * a very strong wind that moves very fast in a spinning movement and causes a lot of damage
7. you guys must be exausted
    * be tired
    * i'm exausted i worked all day
8. pretty low key
    * very relax, very calm
    * Low key means low intensity. "The party was low key" means the party wasn't too crazy, was subdued, under control
    * Low key refers to something being subtle, kind of, slightly, a little bit, etc
9. a road trip
    * going to be driving somewhere
10. Upstate New York
    * not in NY City
    * The upper/northern part of the state of New York (not near Near York City).
11. stay over in a hotel
    * stop and stay the night in a place
12. along the way
    * "on the way" is typically used as an action in progress. 
    * "Along the way" may refer to something that happened already, or will happen.
13. drive straight through
    * not stop and stay over night
    * keep driving
14. drive back
    * come back
    * get back
15. 3-hour layover in Chicargo
    * stopover
    * The difference is the period of time. A layover is a connection point between cities, sometimes as short as 30 minutes or as long as 23 hours. A stopover refers to staying longer than 24 hours in any given city when traveling internationally (or longer than 4 hours when traveling within the country).
    * Basically, when you take two flights to get to your destination (instead of just one), the second one is called a "layover flight"/"stopover flight"
    * oppoiste: i have a direct fight to Tokyo
16. My trip is a major pain
17. it sounds like it
    * i understand what you're saying
18. make it back
    * return successfully
19. rest up
    * to get some sleep, to relax, to rest
20. catch up my sleep
21. sightseeing