---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0063"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
easting at fast food resturant
My friend Julia caled me, grab some lunch, local fast food place down the street, i know it was not good, picked her up at her work, at the restr, long line, lunch hour, expected, drive way, order station, how can i help you, cheese burger, regular hanburger, drink, 2 dial cooks, fries? just the hunbergur, 8.75, drive up to pick up window, food is ready about 30s, thank you, drive away, pull over at the side, regret it, but it taste good


### Terms
--------
1. called me the other day
    * some day recently, a week or two
2. grab
    * reach out your hand to reach sth up
3. I hopped in my car 
    * jump up and down
    * I get into my car very quickly and drive away
4. swing by
    * go to that place
    * would you swing by the grocery store and get some chickens
5. long line at the drive-through
    * a place that you car go and don't need to get off your car
6. lunch hour
    * around noon
7. inch forward
    * move very slowly
8. reach the order station
9. lean over
    * to band over
10. low voice, high voice
11. that will be 8.75$
    * this is how much you have to pay me
12. pull forward
    * move your car up /forward
    * for cars
13. drive up
    * drive to a place
    * up is an emphsis
14. the pick up window
    * a window you get your food
15. drive away
    * drive away from a certain place
16. pull over
    * to stop driving and park
17. regret something
    * wish you didn't do sth
18. it sure did taste good