---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0046"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
My friend Jim and I, latest blas, action movie, once in awhile, meet at theater after work, look around, didn't see Jim, get in line to buy ticket, 2 different lines, ask a woman, standing in first, really long in a line, 20 people, went to the back of the line, after 10 mins later, coming out esclator, sorry for being so late, hit a lot of traffic, don'g worry, we have a long wait, we finally get a head of line, can i help you, 2 tickets for MI4, no discount, we headed inside, ticket ticker, just inside the door, head back to us, i was hungry, went to the concetion, couple of cock, popcorn, hotdog, we found some sits togehter, wait for movie, 10 mins preview, the food, i was feeling pretty good, i don't which was the better, movie or junk food


### Terms
--------
1. blockbuster
    * a movie that is very popular
    * something very successful, especially a very successful book or film/movie
2. action movie,
    * car chases, fight
3. after work
    * after we're finished with our job
4. get in line
    * to stand in line with other people to buy tickets
5. I'm afraid it is
    * use when we have to tell someone the bad news
6. oh well
    * well i guess i cannot do anything about it
7. get off the esclator, elvator
    * come up the esclator
    * opposite: get on
8. out of breath
    * have difficulty in breath 
    * run out of breath
9. hit traffic
    * on the freeway, many cars around you, in traffic, encounter a trafffic
10. on the way over
    * on the way here
11. seniors
    * age over 65 years old
12. hand sth to sb
    * give sth to sb
13. head inside
    * I'm headed to SF
14. ticket taker
    * person who check your ticket
    * stub: the small part of a ticket, cheque, etc. that you keep as a record when you have given the main part to sb
15. come straight from work
    * not stop anywhere, come here directly from
16. concession stand
    * place to sell food, soda, others
    * a tub of popcorn, tub, big container
    * A tub is a deep container of any size.
17. screening room
    * room where you watch the movie
18. packed
    * is full, 
    * a theater is packed, a party is packed
19. preview
    * commericial, advertisement, before a movie start
20. wolf down 
    * eat food very fast
    * To eat something very quickly and aggresivly
21. junk food
    * popcorn, potatoal chips