---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0046"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
staying in at the friday night

Friday night, roommate and I staying in , tough work, lowkey evening, readio, rent a couple of moveis, a classice, new movie, going to local rental store, no time to return DVD, too tight to go out eat, order delivery, coulden't decide which to order, never eat at 2 rest nearby, order a pizza, called, placed order, delivery person came, asked if he if i pay credit card, hand him, wrote down the number, signed, give me a copy , hand me a pizza, starving, with our movie, and pizze, all set, 


### Terms
--------
1. roommate, housemate
    * not one of your relatives
2. staying in
    * stay at home, not go anywhere
    * opposite: going out
3. a tough week
    * a difficult week with many problems
4. low-key
    * common, relax, not with lots of activities
    * he is lowkey
5. video rental store
    * a place you can rent movies DVD
6. a new release
    * a movie that is just been put out on DVD
    * also for a song
7. a classic
    * an old movie but is a very high quality
8. membership card 
    * e.g. a card for renting movies
9. late fees
    * fine money you have to pay for bringing DVD late
10. handy
    * convinient
    * to a person, who is good at fix things. handy man
11. go out to eat
    * to go to a resturant
12. order in
    * to stay at home and have something delivery to you
13. mull over
    * to think over, to look at carefully
    * To “mull over” something means to think very hard and long, similar to contemplate. It is not used too often, but is typically used for big (life) decisions. Example: “he mulled over the offer to run away with his secret lover”
14. 3 ways eating in resturant
    * eat in, have it delivered, get take-out
15. the touble was/is...
    * introduce a problem
16. crapshoot
    * you're gambling, you don't really know it, something is unknown
    * when dont' know which one to choose
    * "Craps" is the name of a dice game. "Playing craps" is sometimes called "shooting craps." A "crapshoot" means to throw the dice.
    * We use this phrase when we do something without knowing what the results will be. Very much like gambling, the results are random, and we can't predict them.
    * A "shot in the dark" has the same meaning. If you are pointing a gun in a dark room, and shoot it, you won't know what you hit. You might hit your target, you might not. You are firing without knowing what the results will be.
17. a credit slip, a credit card slip
18. a tip
    * extra money you give to a waiter, service man
19. veg out
    * to relax, not to do anything that require work that is active
    * Being lazy with our minds.
    * veg and veg out are the same
    * slack off is to not do something you're supposed to be doing
    * laze around is to be lazy or to relax
    * laze is the same as laze around but nobody really says that
20. get over
    * to recover from, 
21. hectic week
    * hectic is another way of saying busy or a bit stressed.
    * Extremely busy, fast-paced, frantic, even to the point of being chaotic (like chaos)
    * Her schedule is so hectic these days because of her new job