---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0045"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
going to the doctor never present for me, couldn't put any longer, annual phiscal, no geting around, so i pick up phon and call an appointement, sharmaya, next week, wasn't possibl, the doctor was booked until next month, let's schdule for next month, when the day arrive, driv to doctor, check in reception, HMO card, pay the CO pay of 15 dollars, instruct me to go to waiting room B down the hall, first door on the right, go there take a seat to wait, wait and wait, finally my name is called and i go in to see the doctor, the nurse take templure, pressure, why i'm there, i tell it's time for yearly check up, examiation room, strip down my underware, exam table, freeze, waiting for the doctor to show up, look at my chart, begin his exame, breeze, chest, in and out slowly, check my throught, lay down to check my edermin, blood test, well you're good for naother year. thanks goodness, get dressed to leave. 


### Terms
--------
1. is never particularly pleasant 
    * particularly, especially, 
    * not especially
2. couldn't put it off any longer
    * to delay it, to wait a longer time before you do it
3. annual phyiscal   
    * going to doctor not becuase you're sick, just to check you're healthy
    * check-up. i'm going to a doctor for a check-up
4. there was no getting around it
    * to aviod it, find a way not doing it
5. I'd like to see Dr. Shimoya
    * I'd like to book an appointment with...
5. the doctor is booked until next month
    * the doctor is scheduled
6. check-in at the receptionist desk
    * receptionist
7. I had to present my HMO card
    * I had to give ...
8. down the hall
    * hall way
    * very closed by in the hall way, the short distance
    * down the street
9. the nurse weighs me 
    * to measure how fat i am
10. takes my tempreture
    * 
11. check my blood pressure
12. yearly check-up
13. examination room
    * where the doctor see you
14. strip down to my underwear
    * to take off your clothing
15. exam table
15. your chart 
    * in hosiptal, your file, your medical record
16. stethoscope  [ˈsteθəskoʊp]
    * A stethoscope is an instrument that a doctor uses to listen to your heart and breathing.
17. abdomen
    * Your abdomen is the part of your body below your chest where your stomach and intestines are.
18. order a blood test