---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0059"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
get along with other people, at work, in shcool
sound ok to you, what, i ddin't hear whtat  you said, the sky i know, Richard, his class, work on the project ith, 4 of us, on the team, ot of trouble deal iwth him, didn't know how to express, put other peole down, not know how to, not know how or not want to , get better of me, hard to get along ith, othr peole felling with same way, not have many friends, feel sorry, put out of him, waht were you saying


### Terms
--------
1. does that sound ok to you?
    * does that seem ok
2. preoccupy 
    * you're worried about something
    * if sth is preoccupying you, you think or worry about it very often or all the time
3. work as a team
    * everyone collobrate with each other
4. put someone down
    * insult someone
    * put down, insult, negative 
5. immature
    * mature, responsible people
6. diplomatic
    * very pilot, careful, 
    * not bother people, or say difficult things in a easy friendly way
    * having or showing skill in dealing with people in difficult situations
7. get the better of me
    * bother me 
    * made me mad even i tried to resist
8. be fed up with a person/situation
    * be tired of 
    * feel annoyed
9. run interference 
    * protect another person after they do something wrong
    * to provide a distraction, usually in an effort to hide one's actions.
    * You want me to run interference for you with Mom and Dad.
10. get heated
    * get very emotional
    * the negative energy is rising
    * negative term
11. feel sorry of the guy
12. put up with sb/sth
    * to tolarate, stand with a situation
    * To put up with something means you have to endure it. Even if it's something you don't like.