---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0064"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
preparing a business trip
go to conference, home state, Minsoda, conversion follow labria, not travelling, it's all preparation, create a whole checklist, have to do, confirm my flight on time, departing LA, reservation for the hotel, rent car, suitcase, start packing, light parker, only pans, shoes, underware, shavoer, toolth, floors, briefcase, on needs, badge, laptop, transepance, notepa, pens, old home


### Terms
--------
1. a conference
    * a large meeting for people interested in the same topic
2. back in my home state
    * in my home state
3. address a convention
    * address, to talk to, to give a presentation to 
4. convention
    * another word for conference
5. believe it or not
    * tell someone sth that they may not believe
6. on the road
    * travelling, usually for business
7. I create a whole checklist
    * whole, a bigger, something is greater than you expect
8. departing 
    * leave
9. double check
    * check again
10. rent a car
    * rental car
11. pull out
    * store sth somewhere and take it out
12. pack
    * to put them in box and move them easily
13. throw in
    * pick sth up and throw in
    * put sth in
14. toiletries
    * things such as soap or toothpaste that you use for washing, cleaning your teeth, etc.
    * floss: to clean between your teeth with dental floss
15. briefcase
    * little bag used in business situation
16. badge
    * a little piece of paper, have your name on it
17. librarians
18. my overhead transparencies
    * A transparency is a small piece of photographic film with a frame around it which can be projected onto a screen so that you can see the picture.
    * a transparency for use with an overhead projector