---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0065"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
shopping for jewelry
wife birthday, special present, splreg on gift, pull ou all the, begin looking at the dislay cases, brelace, bangore, chain, wasn't sure, yellow gold, whild gold, none my wife's style, diamond, that she did, she also like other stones, fit the bill, walk over necklace, beatiful class, my wife like it, would take it, in the box, gift, felt pretty proud, wife would like, all by myself, cann't wait when she open it


### Terms
--------
1. birthday is coming up
    * is very soon
    * coming up a story about bird...
2. splurge on sth
    * to spend a lot of money on sth
    * splurge on gifts for her
    * If you splurge on something, you spend a lot of money, usually on things that you do not need.
3. for once i decide to 
    * this one time, 
    * we don't normally do the thing
4. pull out all the stops
    * do the maximum you could
5. display cases
    * a case in a store displayed 
6. bracelet
    * around the wrist
    * A bracelet is a chain or band, usually made of metal, which you wear around your wrist as jewellery.
7. a chain bracelet
    * little pieces are linked
8. a bangle bracelet
    * solid without pieces
    * A bangle is a decorated metal or wooden ring that you can wear round your wrist or ankle.
9. yellow gold, white gold, platinum
    * presurce medal
10. all stones you can put on the ring 
    * ruby, 
11. anniversary bands
    * more stones on the ring
12. fit the bill
    * it's correct, it's aproprite,
13. pearl necklace
    * not stone, 
    * A pearl is a hard round object which is shiny and creamy white in colour. Pearls grow inside the shell of an oyster and are used for making expensive jewellery.
14. clasp
    * hold the necklace together
    * A clasp is a small device that fastens something
15. I'll take it
    * i'll buy it
16. gift-wrap
    * put colorful paper
    * to wrap sth as a present for sb, especially in a shop/store
17. can't wait to see the look on her face when she open it
18. feel proud of myself
19. jewelry store
20. emeralds, rubies, or sapphires
    * An emerald is a precious stone which is clear and bright green.
    * A ruby is a dark red jewel.
    * A sapphire[ˈsæfaɪərz] is a precious stone which is blue in colour.

