---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0046"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
driving down the santimonic freeway yesterday, downtoan, suggen, engine light come on, not sort of things one light to see, pull over, look, mechinic, out of me, didn't over hit, no steam coming out, check battery cable, not dead, didn't know what else to do, call triple A, nearest shop, all things it could be, fuel, transmission, electric, a month ago, it couldn't be that, truck arrived, near by mechanic, check everything, found the problem, engine light sensor, take it to a dealer to fix, cost me 


### Terms
--------
1. drive down
    * drive on, usually say drive down the street
    * I'm driving down the freeway
2. all of a sudden
    * suddenly
3. needless to say
    * obviously
4. comes on
    * turn on, usually not use turn on for engine light, because no one turns on
    * engine light comes on
5. pull over to the side of the road and park on the shoulder
    * to stop it and move it to the side of the road
    * shoulder: side of the freeway, a place to pull over, only for freeway
6. pop the hood
    * pop, to open 
    * hood, The hood of a car is the metal cover over the engine at the front.
7. be no machanic
    * wasn't much of a mechanic
8. I barely know
    * i only know a small amount 
9. the wiper fluid
    * using the 2 sticks to clean the window shield
10. pop out at me
    * look at many things to try to identify things, you'll get noticed automatically
    * If you're looking around a clothing shop, and a particular pair of jeans "pops out at you", it means "it stands out" or "catches your attention"
11. overheat
11. there was no steam coming out of the radiator
    * radiator, The radiator in a car is the part of the engine which is filled with water in order to cool the engine.
12. battery cables
    * battery not working: battery dies, battery is dead
13. triple A, pulled out, a tow truck
    * American Automatic 
    * I pulled out my cell phone to call the AAA for a tow truck
    * repair shop
14. fuel pump
    * push the gas to the engine
15. gear, manual transimission, auto transimission
16. put in new brakes
    * break paddle
17. a dealer
    * a company who sell cars
18. cost an arm and a leg
    * very expensive
    * It cost a lot ! Lol so much that you could take off your arm and leg and sell them to get to how expensive that object or thing is lol it's a play of words

