---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0046"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
branch of bank, few blocks from where i live, convienence, 4 ATMs open 24x7, today, go in, deposit, cash a check as well, need to inside to talk a teller, got in line, all proof glass, speak up, when talk with them, head of the line, cashier, how may i help you, i'd like deposit, check to account, put them tray, small bills, 10, 20s, here you are, counted out of the cash, put in the, thank you, walked away, now i have some money, better spend it


### Terms
--------
1. a branch of a bank, or any business, 
    * an office of that bank or business
2. a block
    * a distance between 2 streets
3. ATM
    * Automatic Teller Machine
5. 24/7
    * twenty four seven
6. deposit
    * money that you put into the bank
    * save the money
    * withdraw money: out of your account
7. cash your check
    * you give them a check, they give you money/cash back
    * charge your money for this service if not in bank
8. get in line
    * stand in line
9. behind of a large piece of bulletproof glass
10. speak up
    * talk louder
    * also mean just speak
11. cashier
    * a teller
12. how may i help you
13. a payroll check
    * a check you get for your job
14. checking account; saving account
    * 2 types of account in a bank
15. a cashier check
    * a check given by bank, the bank's name on it
    * a personal check, a personal check on it, no garantee
16. endorse a check
    * put a singature on the back of the check
17. in small bills
    * I want to get them in small bills, like 10s, 20s
18. count out money
    * phiscally put the money in front of you and clear show you how much the money
19. I have some money burning a hole in my pocket
    * you have money now and you realy want to spend it

