---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0055"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
take a trip to a library
i read in a local paper, new public library open 2 weeks ago, neighbor hood, call to check open, monday thro satureday 10-6, myself, park car and walk in, 2 clerks behind, reference desk, walk around, non-fiction, move on to fiction deck, have a book to read, to computer to check, 1 copy, not been checked out, card number, went to deck, foudn it, the library, music cd, dvd, look briefly, decide not to check out any, had my book and all set, stood in line, check my book out, next please, i stand up to the counter, long period, the due days 3 weeks from today, scan the bar code in book, the due date on my card, glad to have a library so closed to home


### Terms
--------
1. by a local paper
    * local newspaper, 
    * national newspaper, international newspaper
2. check out
    * to look into, to find out, to investigate it
    * look at, pay attention, informal way to say it, check out the car over there, it's really cool
    * I'm checking her out. when a boy see a beatiful girl
3. a certain hours of operation
4. libraian
    * some people with a college degree
5. library clerks
6. see for yourself
    * investigate it personally
7. reference desk
    * where you go to ask questions
8. cegulation desk
    * get the book and take it home
9. non-fiction section
    * true, history, sicence
10. fiction section
    * noval, 
11. a good collection for a library
    * good books
12. catalogue 
    * electronic catalog
13. call number
    * here means, the reference number that every book have, so you can find it
14. as it turns out
15. copy
    * books of the same title
16. check a book out
    * to go to the ceguatlion desk and get the book home
17. stacks
    * shelves to put books on
18. scan the bar code
19. scan my library card
20. I stepped up to the counter.
21. the loan period
22. stamped the due date on the back of it.