---
layout: post
title: "ESL Podcast 0046"
description: ""
category: "ESL Podcast"
tags: ["English","ESL Podcast"]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### Listening
-----
problems at the office
not believe wheat happened, big meeting over, what happened, take credit for the new campain, he may try dont' think he had the nerve, do all by himself, what a jock, left a finger on help, not get way with it, i'm talk senior, fear minded, work out with dan, may not want to deep in, another way to haddle, i wish i could , the senior VP think, take off, cool off, think straight, get coffe, if I see Dan, i'm going to flowr that guy. 


### Terms
--------
1. take credit
    * to say if it were you who came out an idea
    * He takes credit for all the work that I do.
2. a campaign
    * a new product, service, a new thing that you're going to advertise, you develop a campaign to prompt it
    * political, 2 or more people are going to be elected by people vote
3. pull something
    * to do something that is dishonest, not right, violate/break some rules, informal among friends, family, for their own advantages
    * The opposite of pushing, it's grabbing/taking a thing towards yourself while using force
4. have the nerve to do 
    * have the courage, have the strength to do sth.
    * have the guts, have the confidence, positive
    * negative, doing something wrong, have some strength to do
5. to top it off
    * someone does something wrong, you talk something even worse than that
    * fill up, fill to the top, fill until almost overflowing, put more on top, add more
    * I was walking home and a bird pooped on my head, and TO TOP IT OFF, I stepped on dog poop!
6. jerk
    * insulting term
    * describe someone does something wrong to you, hurt you
7. slack off
    * not to work as hard as you should
    * slacker, dont' be a slacker
    * It comes from the sense of letting a rope loose ("slack") instead of keeping it tight
    * it means to do something with less effort or energy than before or just becoming less active
8. doesn't lift a finger to help
    * don't do anything
    * someone who should help but don't
9. get away with something
    * you're doing something wrong but no one stop you
    * if you get away with something you don't get blamed for it or caught. for example, you may take a pack of gum from the store and if nobody catches you, you got away with it.
    * if you do something bad but you dont get in trouble
10. fair-minded
    * to be honest, rational, to be just, to be someone who balanced the idea, listen both side the ideas
11. work it out
    * to take care of it, to solve a problem
    * sort it out, figure it out
12. step in
    * to enter in an argument or discussion
13. to handle
    * to take care of, to solve
14. blow sth off
    * to ignore it, to not do it, to not pay attention to it
15. fall out
    * the result of something bad happened
    * Fallout is the aftermath of a cataclysm. The fallout from a tornado or drunken binge
    * fall out of favor... you were friends with someone and now you aren't for whatever reason.
16. fight our own battles
    * to take care of problems youself, not let your boss do it for you
17. ticked off
    * informal, with friends, coworkers
    * angry, i'm really angry, mad, triggered, pissed off
    * i'm ticked, I'm ticked off. 
    * It means annoyed or your patience has run out, 
    * Ticked off or pissed off would mean upsetting someone
18. cool off
    * to cool, cool on, cool 
    * stop being angry, calm down
19. think straight
    * to think logically, clearly, correctly
20. floor that guy
    * to hit the guy and knock him down on the floor
    * he talked me the news, it floored me
21. that makes two of us
    * me too. i'm also...
    * It means you're agreeing with someone.
    * Like you feel the same as them, so that makes two of you feeling the same thing.